done 10/5/2022 - 1 GEOIP on scot image
2 mongodb connection strings as secrets
fixed sort of. need to clean up 10/4/2022 - 3 scot logs to stdout. tried once, not working :(
4 unit testing
5 isready for scot and dependancies within ns
6 subdir in okd builder scotapp
7 Mail alert not working yet
8 document api reality (fields in data, not outside)
9 refactor elasticproxy (mabye other es module too?)
10 dark mode obviously
11 misp/coretex enrichers?
12 es index creation
done 10/5/2022 - 13 redo docker once more
14 split different perl apps into minimial sets for containers
15 increment user collection in init!
16 entity > observable
17 location > customer/tenant
18 no manually specify even id when adding alert to existing event
19 entity locations (global or tenant? for ex. local ips)


tested dev on ubuntu 22.04 w perl 5.34 no issue


entrypoints for other agents

Stretch     hypnotoad -f ./Stretch.pl
Flair       hypnotoad -f ./Flair.pl
Game        perl Game.pl (cron)
see bins in root

enter container as root without running entrypoint

podman run -it --user root --entrypoint /bin/bash newscot1


bugs
----
cant get hostname in dev env set static for now
tasks deleted do not update linked stuff and never go away? works in demo
    tasks and entries are the same?
delete does not update browser (mq?) alerts do, alertgroups no does not work in demo
no browser notifications
crazy cookie with lpaW s
change history?
tags from alert to event
cant tag alerts from tasks or delete alerts
cant rename alerts or alertgroups
pending flair messages for flairer queue
tags dont flow to events
delete incident doesnt update event to "unpromoted"?
create task: fail to get entity detail id information
flairer note creating es entities on alert create/flair?
undefined incident handler causes problems crash npm dev server / in browser?
pending messages in emlat queue in amq
viewports change on delete when list is large
Userconfig.js "Warning: <Broadcast> is deprecated and will be removed in the next major release. Please use createContext instead. See https://goo.gl/QAF37J for more info."
wierd duplication in links dialog
scotforcegraph broken!
entity window says green audit button but it is white
location working in api post and alertgroup view but not promotion. changes to "local"


forced npm modules:
react-time
webpack
webpack-cli




geoip instructions
1 signup for GeoLite2
2 download city, country and asn gzips
3 Extract mmdbs to root of app /scotapp
Expects GeoLite2-ASN|CIty|Country.mmdb
